## Section 1: General Awareness

# Question 1: What is web development, and why is it essential in the context of the internet?

Answer: Web development is the process of building and maintaining websites or
web applications which run on the internet (which is basically an
interconnection of various computers across the globe), it involves everything
from how designing how a site looks (front-end development) to managing how
operations are carried out behind the scenes (back-end development), and
sometimes, both (full-stack development). It is important or essential in the
context of the internet because it involves building the interfaces that allow
different Users(or computers) communicate with each across over the internet

# Question 2: Have you heard of HTML? If yes, what does HTML stand for, and what is its primary purpose in web development?

Answer: Yes, HTML stands for HyperText Markup Language and its primary purpose
in web development is to give structure and definition to the web site or web
app and its contents. It's often described as the skeleton of the website.

## Section 2: Familiarity with CSS

# Question 1: Are you familiar with CSS? If yes, briefly explain what CSS is used for in web development.

Answer: Yes, CSS stands for Cascading Style Sheets and its basically used to add
styling and manipulate the properties of content on a website. It is used to
control the  
design, layout and overall look and feel of the website.

## Section 3: JavaScript and Its Importance

# Question 1: Have you heard of JavaScript? If yes, what is JavaScript, and why is it crucial for building interactive websites?

Answer: Javascript is a versatile, text-based scripting and programming language
that powers dynamic and interactive websites. It is crucial for building
interactive websites because it brings functionality to the website, without
Javascript, the website will not be interactive or dynamic.

## Section 4: Introduction to React and Node.js

# Question 1: Are you familiar with React and Node.js? If yes, provide a brief description of what React and Node.js are commonly used for in web development.

Answer: Yes. React is used to make reusable components, used on the frontend.
Node.js is a Javascript runtime environment but it is used on the backend to
handle backend logic, Apis and databases. These two tools can be used
individually or together as a single Project through frameworks like NextJs to
seamlessly create a full-stack web application.

## Section 5: Bonus Question

# Question 1: Why do you want to learn web development, and what do you hope to achieve by acquiring skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Node.js?

Answer: I want to learn web development because it is the backbone of how people
and businesses interact on the internet today. By acquiring skills in HTML, CSS,
and JavaScript, I will be able to build well-structured, visually appealing, and
interactive websites. Learning React will allow me to create dynamic, reusable
components and deliver smooth user experiences, while Node.js will enable me to
handle server-side logic, databases, and APIs. Ultimately, I hope to use these
skills to build full-stack applications that solve real-world problems,
contribute to innovative projects, and create opportunities for myself in the
tech industry.
